.TH "STX" "1" "2026-04-19" "0.1.0" "stx Manual"
.SH NAME
stx \- Leakage-safe walk-forward experiments...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B stx
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Leakage-safe walk-forward experiments (single-symbol or universe) and data helpers.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v,\fP \-\-verbose
More log detail (-v INFO, -vv DEBUG).
.TP
\fB\-q,\fP \-\-quiet
Only warnings and errors.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP FILE
Also append logs to this file.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Disable styled output (or set NO_COLOR).
.TP
\fB\-\-rich\fP
Use Rich for fold/epoch lines when the 'rich' package is installed.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBbacktest\fP
  Run a walk-forward experiment from config...
  See \fBstx-backtest(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBbacktest\fP command.
.PP
\fBfetch\fP
  Fetch daily-adjusted OHLCV for symbols...
  See \fBstx-fetch(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBfetch\fP command.
.PP
\fBsweep\fP
  Run loss sweep (mse, listnet, approx_ndcg)...
  See \fBstx-sweep(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsweep\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  Inspect merged effective configuration...
  See \fBstx-config(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfig\fP command.
.PP
\fBvalidate\fP
  Load and validate a config (Pydantic);...
  See \fBstx-validate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBvalidate\fP command.
.PP
\fBversion\fP
  Print version and runtime device info...
  See \fBstx-version(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBversion\fP command.
